Check out the full review on the 2014 Peter Lynn Swell 9m    2014 Peter Lynn Swell 9m | Issue 43  www.iksurfmag.com  Check out the full review on the 2014 Peter Lynn Swell 9m
Bill Tai , the partner at Charles River Ventures who took up kitesurfing and turned it into a multi-annual gathering of Red Bull athletes and entrepreneurs called MaiTai , is taking it to the next level.
Puerto Vallarta Mexico Wind from February to late Jun Winds from 15-25 knots Warm Waters Safe conditions inside the Bay Downwinders with Boat Assistance
....Urgently Needed, Male or Female, 1 instructor (if you are a couple we can have a job for both) for a newly opened and ONLY real kite school in LEBANON
Robbie Manard of Metairie catches air while taking to the waves in 15 to 20 mph winds on Lake Pontchartrain between the Bonnabel Boat Launch and the Bucktown Harbor Thursday, March 6, 2014.
Check out the full article here: http://www.iksurfmag.com/issue43/?t=F-One- Bandit-7-12m-2014-Kitesurfing-Review-and-Test&page=115    2014 F-One Bandit 7 12m
Looking for an iko instructor minimum level 1 to work in Dubai UAE . Starting as soon as possible . If interested email kpeople@eim.ae , part of www.kitepeople.ae
Check out the full review on the 2014 North Evo 9m    2014 North Evo 9m | Issue 43  www.iksurfmag.com  Check out the full review on the 2014 North Evo 9m
Epic winds and waves kicked off the sixth annual Tobago Carnival Regatta 2014 at Pigeon Point, Tobago.
JULY - OCT 2013 KITE INSTRUCTOR POSITION Our Kite School is part of a well known beach boutique property called Che Shale (www.cheshale.com); set in
Editor: Near sunset Feb. 9 at Pass-A-Grill Beach a cool, cloudy day was being enjoyed by kite boarders and beachcombers alike Suddenly, with the silent swiftness of the wind, a beach-walking woman was struck from behind by an errant kite boarder's rig.
Check out the full article here: http://www.iksurfmag.com/issue43/?t=Core- Riot-XR3-9m-2014-Kitesurfing-Review-and-Test&page=111    2014 Core Riot XR 9m
Check out the full review on the 2014 Naish Park 9m    2014 Naish Park 9m | Issue 43  www.iksurfmag.com  Check out the full review on the 2014 Naish Park 9m
The official wave kitesurfing champions will be crowned at the end of the year, according to the International Kiteboarding Association world rankings.
Kiteboarding instructor speeking english and russian if possible. Info@profisailors.com
Kiteboarding has been added as a demonstration sport to the Delta Lloyd Regatta 2014, to be held in Medemblik, Netherlands.
ABOUT Hello. I am a young, hard working Polish IKO level 2 instructor. Currently studying law at the university. Kiteboarding is something more to me
Check out the full article here: http://www.iksurfmag.com/issue43/?t=North- Evo-9m-2014-Kitesurfing-Review-and-Test&page=121    2014 North Evo 9m
IKO / BKSA Level 1 Qualified Kitesurf Instructor WORK WANTED IKO / BKSA Level 1 Qualified Kitesurf instructor Ipswich, UK based...willing and able
The final round of this seasons KTA Tour enjoyed fantastic conditions in the Asian Mecca that is Borocay. Plenty of wind for freestylers and racers alike saw the competition packed with action... Who took the final prize though, watch the video to find out!    KTA 2014 Round 3 - Phillipines - Boracay Island Extreme  www.iksurfmag.com  The final round of this seasons KTA Tour enjoyed fantastic conditions in the Asian Mecca that is Borocay. Plenty of wind for freestylers and racers alike saw the competition packed with action... Who took the final prize though, watch the video to find out!
A novel about sibling rivalry in the restaurant business.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Canada, March 7, 2014 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- According to the Pantheory Research Organization, a new study of type 1a supernova data has concluded, for the first time, that dark energy probably does not exist. The paper is entitled 'An Alternative Universe-Scale Analytic Metrology and Related Cosmological Model.' The paper was published in the February 2014 issue of the journal of Applied Physics Research, by the Canadian Center of Science and Education.
TRIBUTES flow for actor of stage, film and television Wendy Hughes, who has died at 61.
A petition asking Amazon to require users to go through identity verification in order to comment has garnered almost 3,000 signatures.
The fantasy image of an island existence is invariably subverted in the movies, becoming a vessel for impending catastrophe
A LARGE swathe of Edinburgh's Royal Mile would be closed to traffic and turned into an arts hub under plans to help revive the fortunes of the famous ­thoroughfare.
Bruce Joel Rubin wrote Ghost almost 25 years ago. Since then, it has been adapted as a musical with the help of Dave Stewart and Glen Ballard, who worked on the music and lyrics. When Ghost hit the silver screen back in 1990, Rubin never thought it would stand the test of time, let alone become a musical. Because of its unexpected success, Rubin has a few words he wanted to share.
The dancers and stage managers of New York City Ballet, who have been working under an expired concert since the summer of 2012, have ratified a new labor agreement, according to their union, the American Guild of Musical Artists.
SCOTLAND'S capital is set for another taste of big-screen glory after it emerged that Italian film-maker Giuseppe Tornatore will be shooting his latest film in the city later this year.
Principal dancers from New York City Ballet and American Ballet Theater adorn the Tom Gold Dance engagement at the Gerald W. Lynch Theater.
Pelly’s interpretation takes parody to a whole new level, inflating characterisations to supersize proportions
The artist, almost as little-known in Britain as she is celebrated in the US, talks about her hard beginnings and her love of wood
Michael Salgado and his all-star friends are the star attractions at a Tejano concert/dance Friday at San Antonio Event Center, 8111 Meadow Leaf Drive.
Mr. Peabody & Sherman is a time-travel movie, a father-and-son movie, a boy- meets-girl movie, and a movie that doggedly celebrates the art of the pun.
In “The Evolution of a Corporate Idealist,” a former BP employee sees globalization and the Internet as pushing more companies to social responsibility.
Stars of adaptation of Stallone's Philadelphia story hail from Baltimore, Howard Co.   Stars of adaptation of Stallone's Philadelphia story hail from Baltimore, Howard Co.
Women run just a quarter of the biggest art museums in the United States and Canada, and they earn about a third less than their male counterparts, according to a report.
Kanye West, Jennifer Aniston, Joan Rivers. All sorts of people are nominated.
Trinity University Press, a distinguished national press that produced beloved books such as “San Antonio's Monte Vista” and “O'Neil Ford, Architect,” closed in the late '80s. To some, its revival in 2004, as printed books seemed to be going the way of the buggy whip, appeared counter-intuitive. But as it celebrates its 10th anniversary this year, its creative and intellectual élan has defied expectations.

FAIR OAKS, Ind. (AP) -- Pigs cluster around a food stall like Black Friday shoppers waiting for the store to open. One pushes impatiently against the locked door with her snout, waiting for the sow inside to finish eating so she can take her turn....

Equity Mutual Funds gain as market surge for fourth consecutive day; debt long term and gilt funds ended lower.
The flight, which left the Malaysian capital at 12.41am on Saturday morning, had been due to arrive in Beijing at 6.30am but disappeared from air traffic controllers’ screens at 2.40am
London, UK (PRWEB) March 08, 2014 Forex brokers that are providing trading services also tend to offer Forex news so that their customers get access to comprehensive updates for better trading....

The seeds of transformation were at the Detroit Show in 2000. The Santa Fe was the first Hyundai recipe cooked up with American tastes in mind.
Malaysia Airlines said Saturday morning that it had lost contact five hours earlier with a flight carrying at least 239 people to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur, and had activated a search-and-rescue team.
Malaysia Airlines said its missing plane had its last safety inspection 10 days ago--earlier than required--and didn't have a history of malfunction.
Some Potential Swing Trading Opportunities for today...
Company / App Name: Codealike https://codealike.com/ Twitter - http://twitter.com/Codealike What does it do? Codealike is a platform for developers which measures activities during software development sessions, keeps records of code development history, and gives feedback about their performance. Why do we need it? To improve the efficiency of the software generation process. Codealike allows programmers […]
Weekend Investor: U.S. stocks have bounced back to record highs since the financial crisis. Here's how to avoid errors that cost many investors dearly during the rebound.


Although officials were concerned about safety, tests show there were no unusual chemicals found in the Skittles.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth accelerated sharply in February despite the icy weather that gripped much of the nation, easing fears of an abrupt economic slowdown and keeping the Federal Reserve on track to continue reducing its monetary stimulus.
Residential transactions in Santa Clara, San Mateo and Santa Cruz counties, published March 8, 2014.
Medium, which will introduce a mobile app next week, is an attempt by a founder of Twitter and Blogger to strike a balance between the old world, where professional editors were gatekeepers, and the new one, where anyone can post anything online.
The latest sneak peek for the FOX miniseries unveils more plot details that include an attempt to kill the U.S. president in London.
added WillingWay Films as a production company
ENGLEWOOD, N.J. -- Sheila MacRae starred on the Broadway stage and in films, yet it was her small-screen role as the tolerant and brassy wife of a Brooklyn bus driver for which she is most remembered. MacRae, best known for playing Alice Kramden to Jackie Gleason's Ralph in the 1960s re-creation of "The Honeymooners," died Thursday. She was 92.
12 years after the practice rant, Reebok Classics commercial featuring Allen Iverson, Shaq and Kemp, recreates the moment with…Pants. We talking about Pants.
Giants welcoming back former slugger with steroids rap sheet as a spring training instructor   SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- Bud Selig wasn't even afforded a victory lap after baseball's technical knockout of Alex Rodriguez in January.
BILLY Connolly has revealed he is embarrassed by his hero status in his home city.
This year's Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue features a real Philly girl next door. Doylestown's Samantha Hoopes is one of 12 rookies - meaning, new to the SI swimsuit scene - in the issue's 50th anniversary edition.
Carlos Beltran blasted a two-run homer off Anibal Sanchez, powering the Yankees to a 3-2 victory over the Tigers in Grapefruit League action on Friday. [...]
Channing Tatum is all smiles while Hollywood exiting The Pikey Bar on Sunset Blvd on Thursday (March 6) in Los Angeles Last weekend, the 33-year-old actor was handsome in a tuxedo while posing with his wife Jenna Dewan-Tatum at the 2014 Vanity Fair Oscars Party in West Hollywood. PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of [...]
**Deprecated**: Function eregi_replace() is deprecated in **/home/alleniv/public_html/news/wp-includes/feed-functions.php** on line **76**   **Warning**: Parameter 1 to keywords_appendTags() expected to be a reference, value given in **/home/alleniv/public_html/news/wp-includes/functions.php** on line **927**
The actor popped the question to Shelby Rabara while they were on vacation in Hawaii
The actress starred as Alice in a later version of the Jackie Gleason comedy. She had a popular nightclub act with her husband, "Oklahoma!" star Gordon MacRae, before their divorce.  read more
Amid another miserable season, the Knicks received some good news on Thursday: David Lee is an All-Star. Lee, the Knicks' fifth-year center, was selected by Commissioner David Stern to replace the Philadelphia 76ers' Allen Iverson, who will miss Sunday's All-Star Game for personal reasons.
2014 Harvey day will happen-- Matt Harvey (@MattHarvey33) March 08, 2014 Matt Harvey, expected to miss the entire season rehabbing from Tommy John surgery, said he wants to pitch this season. Harvey had surgery to repair his ulnar collateral ligament in the October. Harvey, like Jeremy Hefner, will begin throwing four times a week, making […]
An overhaul of the SAT is no longer relevant to these famous figures who shared their test scores in past interviews.
Alfonso Soriano brought a first baseman's glove to camp this spring, just in case, and the Yankees are strongly considering giving him an opportunity to wear it.
Spring training is fun. It is simultaneously the best of times (your favorite team doesn't stink yet) and the worst of times (that player you were excited to watch this season is already out for the year). Every spring we see former stars trying to hang on to what once was (Johan Santana), and youngsters […]
The first trailer for _**Annie**_ is here, and since it stars Quvenzhané Wallis in the lead role, releasing it is essentially the same thing as blowing a trumpet to summon all the racists from their scrabby old Twitter holes. COME FORTH YE IGNORANTS. More »  The First _Annie_ Trailer Is Here, And So Are The Twitter Racists Mad That Annie's Black is a post from Crushable - Entertainment, Hot Guys, Movies and Celebrity News.
On the Angels, Albert Pujols and Mike Trout work in tandem. The veteran is a daily, present reminder to Trout of the commitment level it takes to maintain annual MVP-type production, and the young superstar serves as a daily, present reminder of the value of youthful exuberance.
Lawmakers need to move faster to create regulatory consistency across Europe's financial system.
Why cooking lessons and a trip to Morocco helped a group of widows rebuild their lives.
The alternative minimum tax surprises many people, defies understanding and raises tax bills. Here's how to minimize the damage.
Bank of America picked Gregory L. Curl, a 31-year veteran of the company, as its new chief risk officer.
The startup's stunning rise reminds us how much faster technology moves than technology policy.
Radio astronomer Jill Tarter's cause -- the search for extraterrestrial intelligence -- has been embraced by a geek-chic collective of technocrats and wishful thinkers.
New moves by governments to shore up the global financial system sparked a big stock rally, raising investors' hopes for an end to what has been a brutal losing streak.
Parents and students alike aren't only stressed about how they're going to pay for college. They want to know what the student should be doing now to make sure they can afford to pay the bills after college, writes Terri Cullen.
Web sites and free tools are allowing companies to scope out the top bloggers in their industry. Knowing what's being said can help a small business craft pitches that will garner the attention of bloggers and readers.
It's time we acknowledged those rare men who helped, rather than hindered, brilliant female writers
The Democrats are vulnerable again on handling the world.
With inflation likely to remain a worry, what's an investor to do? Things that worked in the past may not work so well today. Here are smart, basic strategies that investors should consider when trying to inflation-proof their portfolios.
Ahead of the Tape: There are sound reasons not to fret too much about recent "misses" in nonfarm payrolls numbers.
In many ways, as the American markets and economy were building themselves up after 9/11, they were digging themselves deeper into a hole. Here's a look of some of the broad trends, how far we have come and where we might be going.
Readers responded to Jesse Eisinger's column arguing for hedge-fund registration. Most were hedge-fund managers decrying the rules and celebrating the recent court decision overturning the SEC's effort to enact registration requirements.
A new search engine called Wolfram Alpha automates arithmetic drudgery for students. But teachers worry it does homework, too.
Consumers are increasingly taking control of their digital-era lives. But this revolution has come with regrets and pressure to keep up. Discuss
Merritt Hopper is singlehandedly responsible for a significant contingent of the Team USA fan base in Sochi.
A thrilling documentary makes science look awesome. But does this tremendous discovery mean "the end of physics"?
Broadcast television's recent pursuit of new distribution platforms such as iPods and the Internet eventually could undermine the very brands the networks are trying to protect, Joe Flint says.
Clear the path for Adam to find true love
**AstrologySource - Your Complete Analysis of Your Career**  It's covers all aspects of you and the type of careers you may find quite appealing. Explore the passions that could turn into career paths. This report specifically deals with the areas of your life that bear on career choices.  This week's scenario is highlighted by practical concerns. What needs to get done will get done, because you are in a frame of mind to deal directly. Don't fret about the fact that your personal independence may be a bit limited now. The work you do now is money in the bank for future freedom, maybe even that long-desired trip you've wished for some time. Good time for a sit down planning chat. Get out those maps and schedules. It's not too soon to start thinking about that trip of a lifetime. You could meet a fascinating person who is destined to become part of your life. 5, 7, 13, 30, 32, 42 Continued...
JEFFERSON CITY, MO--Following a brief episode Friday during which he became physically debilitated by a flood of worries about his struggles in his career, romantic failings, and his own fragile mortality, sources confirmed that local man Evan Turoff...
World of Warcraft - Rares
You are an Olympic athlete widely considered to be the fastest human on earth. With seven gold medals already under your belt, and despite a persistent leg injury, you are the favorite to win another track medal in the upcoming Games. If another win is a _ne plus ultra_, you...
“In a world that glamorizes perfection, Freddie had quite a lot to overcome.”
BIRTHDAY GUY: Actor Nick Zano was born in Nutley, N.J., on this date in 1978. This birthday guy is known to TV viewers for his recurring roles on "Happy Endings," "2 Broke Girls," "90210," "Melrose Place" and "Cougar Town," as well as a brief stint as an MTV news correspondent.
"Energy, like the biblical grain of the mustard-seed, will remove mountains."
Never tell a story because it is true: tell it because it is a good story.

A 52-year-old Alaska man says his dog saved his life after a snowmobile crash left him injured in the woods
1841—1935, American Jurist.   See biography and links to other people born today...
NEW YORK CITY - Tennis great Maria Sharapova recently told Hercules Confetti with Sporting Chance Magazine that she really enjoyed traveling to Sochi, Russia and watching the XXII Olympic games. She said that one day while sitting in the stands sh...
"When a person cannot deceive himself the chances are against his being able to deceive other people."
"Most people have to talk so they won't hear."

A SEAFOOD vendor who was ordered by the courts to stop trading on Oban seafront until he changed the look of his seafood stall has come back with flying colours.
ROME (Reuters) - Sicilian amateur scientists have launched a model cannolo, a cream-stuffed pastry roll symbolic of the Italian island, into the stratosphere, capturing bizarre images of the dessert flying far above the earth.
Comcast has begun airing an advertisement for MarijuanaDoctors.com. Watch:
stoneaxe has issued new challenge: Witch Stones, 2 players, 3/1/10 days max per move.
Phyllis Bennis: The failure of the powerful pro-Israel lobbying group to force congress to vote for intervention into Syria or for additional sanctions on Iran representing a significant decline in its influence

After last year's The Storyteller, Jodi Picoult is coming back later this year (Oct. 14) with another novel centering on
William Hartung: Those who fight the wars will face cuts, but not high-ranking military personnel or the companies that build weapons

We've got Divergent fever over here at EW. Just check out this week's cover. To add some more fuel to
Investigative journalist Robert Parry talks about Russia's move to invade Ukraine's Crimean peninsula and the role of the US and the west in fomenting crisis there

Fifty Shades of Grey has joined the 100 million club. Vintage Books announced Wednesday that sales for E L James'
Since July of 2011, Game of Thrones fans have been waiting -- not very patiently -- for a release date
Michael Ratner: Documents show the US engaged in major attacks against journalists, publishers, and whistleblowers, as a UK court upholds the legality of David Miranda's detention at Heathrow airport


The brilliant mind of Stephen King is still churning out nightmares and twisted fantasies. The author just announced on his official
Keane Bhatt: Elite forces in Venezuela and the US are determined to undermine the accomplishments of the Bolivarian revolution
Former NSA intelligence analyst and whistleblower Kirk Wiebe says that the NSA has lived a mostly unconstitutional existence, and that any oversight will require an independent group to have direct access to collected data

Now that we all know that Robert Galbraith is J.K. Rowling's pseudonym, there's no way the sequel to last year's
Facing congressional deadlock, state lawmakers and advocates push for the repeal of Citizens United and limits to corporates pending

FRIDAY, March 7, 2014 (HealthDay News) -- Every day, millions of people with diabetes -- both type 1 and type 2 -- rely on the results they get from their blood glucose meters to guide their treatment decisions. But, what if those test results wer...
The risk area for malaria expanded between 1990 and 2005   -- Read more on ScientificAmerican.com
The next wave of wrist wear might act as a fashionable archive of your exposure to everything from caffeine to pesticides   -- Read more on ScientificAmerican.com
Tainted beef recalled earlier this year from a California meat producer reached 35 states and Guam -- not just six states as previously believed -- the U.S. Department of Agriculture said. Thousands of retailers have been added to a list of companies...
For years clinicians have puzzled over the observation that people with type 2 diabetes are more likely to develop certain malignancies, such as pancreatic, breast and liver cancers.   -- Read more on ScientificAmerican.com
Muddled about all the new flu viruses? Its hard to keep up with the changing names in the news. H1Nwhat? Bird flu. Pig flu. MERS. SARS. Here is a quick overview of this dizzying, dyslexia inducing...   -- Read more on ScientificAmerican.com
Past studies have claimed that vitamin D may reduce the risk of heart disease, bone fractures and even depression. Now, new research suggests that breast cancer patients with high levels of the vitamin in their blood are twice as likely to survive the disease than patients with low levels.The researchers, led by Prof. Cedric F. Garland of the University of California, San Diego School of Medicine, recently published their findings in the journal Anticancer Research.
The NFL not only publicly denied evidence that long-term brain damage could result from concussions suffered by its players, but worked to undercut it   -- Read more on ScientificAmerican.com
A heightened political awareness, and a healthy self-regard that they could do a better job, are drawing a surprisingly large number of doctors to the power of elective office.
Periodic injection of an antiviral drug has been found to keep monkeys virus- free and could confer as long as three months of protection in humans   -- Read more on ScientificAmerican.com
Measles is a highly contagious disease spread through the air that could affect those who have not been vaccinated, health officials warned
Pain is the most common condition for which medical cannabis is taken, and one of the few for which there is promising clinical data in humans.
U.S. and European regulators have found no compelling evidence of a link between the drug class which includes GLP-1 analogs and DPP-4 inhibitors, and pancreas problems or pancreatic cancer....
ZURICH (Reuters) - Swiss drugmaker Novartis said on Friday a final stage test of Jakavi, used to treat patients with a rare blood cancer, had met its primary endpoint and improved two key measures of disease control in patients.
Children going to nursery when they are unwell with respiratory tract infections (RTIs) may be an important factor in the spread of these illnesses, new research has suggested.
A baby born with HIV in Mississippi three years ago made headlines last year when she was “functionally cured” of the virus, after receiving treatment immediately after birth. Now, the Mississippi baby has company. At an AIDS conference in Boston, doctors announced Wednesday that a second baby, now 9 months old, from Long Beach, Calif., was cleared of HIV after receiving the same aggressive form of treatment just four hours after birth. The most recent announcement helps allay the initia
LA JOLLA, California (Reuters) - When President Bill Clinton announced in 2000 that Craig Venter and Dr. Francis Collins of the National Human Genome Research Institute had succeeded in mapping the human genome, he solemnly declared that the discovery would "revolutionize" the treatment of virtually all human disease.
How humankind unwittingly joined an experiment on antibiotics and weight gain.
Find out how a baby survived after rejecting her mom's kidney.
Your toothbrush may be nastier than you think. Find out when to replace it.
How can you keep critical data safe when disaster strikes? There is no one magic answer, but there are steps your business can and should take to protect important files and applications in the event of a disaster.
Over the last three years, the number of IT decision makers who believe their business has more applications than it needs has increased from just over a third (34 percent) to nearly half (48 percent). Apps bloat is a huge problem. Especially when the apps are non-mission critical, or context rather than core applications. We may very well be at a tipping point, because new mobile apps and more use of SaaS and clpoud apps forces a rethinking of an organization's entire applications strategy and approach. In order to modernize successfully, enterprises may need to first identify and cull out extraneous applications.  read more
Following up on the news that its UnCarrier rival will soon raise the cost of its unlimited data plan, AT&T is making some pricing changes of its own -- in the completely opposite direction. The base rate for the company's 2GB Mobile Share Value plan is currently $55 (that's the base price, excluding per- smartphone costs), but it just announced that beginning tomorrow customers will be able to grab the same plan for $40 per month instead.  Filed under: Cellphones, Mobile, AT&T  **Comments**
Security expert Avira announced today that every user of its free antivirus software will soon enjoy the best detection, performance enhancements and security features, including Avira Protection Cloud and Avira Browser Safety.
Embattled Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox is filing for bankruptcy protection with liabilities of $63.6 million. "I am deeply sorry," CEO Mark Karpeles said. "There were weaknesses in the system."
[at Investor's Business Daily] - The tectonic shift in the information technology industry caused by cloud computing is paving the way for a few years of "big-time disruption" among systems and infrastructure software companies, ...
The Cisco Nexus 9000 series, the fruit of Cisco's InsiemeA spin-in, is more than another fast router -- it's a change in the way that high-end routers are designed and built.
Performing a master data assessment can reveal data issues that create hassles and unnecessary costs for your company, says Michael Collins of BackOffice Associates.
Microsoft has completed a series of moves aimed at making its Dynamics AX ERP software a more viable option for large enterprises, and plans to showcase them this week during the Convergence conference in Atlanta.
It's that time of year again: The fun-filled few weeks when family, egg nog, and -- oh boy oh boy -- presents take center stage! This weekend, Microsoft got into the spirit and slid 20GB of free SkyDrive cloud storage space into the stockings of all Windows Phone owners, regardless of whether those owners have been nice, naughty, or some in-between shade of grey.

Thanks to its 2012 acquisition of Polymita, Red Hat has added major functionality to its software suite for managing business processes, making the package an appealing choice in the enterprise market for BPM (business process management) software.
Challenging Microsoft's Windows Azure on its own turf, Red Hat is ramping up services that would offer Microsoft .NET and SQL Server capabilities on its OpenShift platform as a service (PaaS).
SAP is introducing a set of new subscription pricing options for its Hana in- memory cloud computing platform, in a move that falls in step with the pay-as- you-go model common in the cloud computing industry.
One of the questions I have been asked for a while is how do you set static IP address in Windows Azure Virtual Machines. Well you can! While it is like a DHCP reservation for the VM itself (the VM is still DHCP configured), it is treated as a static IP to Windows Azure. Now this does involve new Windows Azure PowerShell cmdlets. You will need to download and install the Windows Azure PowerShell cmdlets (possibly again) to get the new functionality.  read more
* _**Strategy & Finance**_: Comcast-Netflix peering deal; FCC points 706 at neutrality; Telefonica Digital is no more    * _**Voice & Messaging 2.0**_: FaceApp Whatsbook - $19bn worth, really, even with voice? Tropo rolls out with Huawei, China Telecom    * _**Technology Disruptions**_: Software-defined networks dominate vendors' MWC; AT&T taps Tail-F & Metaswitch    * _**Privacy & Security**_: MWC paranoia; Blackphone, Boeing, Samsung security devices, OpenID    * _**Smartphone Roundup**_: Gadget watch: Galaxy S5, Nokia Androids, BlackBerry, Firefox OS, Ubuntu, YotaPhone    * _**Mobile Broadband**_: US LTE slowing down, or filling up? China adds 750k eNodeBs this year; small cells; Project Spring goes to Ericsson    * _**Fixed Broadband**_: OFCOM tries to speed Hyperoptic deployment; UK.gov finds another £250m for rural, hopes it won't get magic beans again    * _**Digital Commerce**_: EE unwires Wembley; iPads in banks; Comcast ads, Bitcoin disaster  ## Comcast-Netflix peering deal; FCC points Section 706 at neutrality; Telefonica Digital is no more  Before we dive into the Mobile World Congress news pile, there was serious regulatory action and important news on the Comcast-Netflix dispute last week. After weeks of arguing, the giant cableco and the monster ...
We've rounded up a bunch of experts' tips about how to retain your privacy -- as much as possible, anyway -- and how to surf the Web silently, among other things.
Almost everyone sees the potential of Internet of Things but how can businesses truly unlock that potential. The key will be in the ability to discover business insight in the midst of an ocean of Big Data generated from billions of embedded devices via Systems of Discover. Businesses will also need to ensure that they can sustain that insight by leveraging the cloud for global reach, scale and elasticity. Without bringing these three elements together via Systems of Discover you either end up with an Internet of somethings and/or a big mess of data. In his session at @ThingsExpo, Mac Devine, a Distinguished Engineer at IBM, will focus on how to ensure businesses have the right plans in place for Systems of Discovery for the Internet-of-Things world we are entering.  read more
A Trustwave security researcher details database security issues and defensive techniques.
As Account Manager you will work for a major IT distributor in their growing software division. You will be a proactive account manager dealing with nationwide IT resellers, developing new an existing accounts.You will be on a competitive commission package and be able to develop your career. This is an internal sales role based in North Yorkshire Our client requires an experienced IT / Software Account Manager or Business Development Manager. You will be hungry to make the next step in your ca
I am currently recruiting for a number of Mechanical, Electrical and Civil engineers to work at the MOD in Bristol on a variety of exiting projects that may include defence, aerospace and aviation elements. Candidates should be degree qualified or apprentice trained and have experience in one of these backgrounds - we will also consider applicants qualified by experience, but it is vital that you can demonstrate practical knowledge in one of these fields. This position offers unique project
Our client is situated within the International Strategies Branch of this Fede...
Our client, a well established government agency, is currently seeking an EL1 Financial Accountant to join their team on a permanent basis.? T...
Our client is currently seeking a Senior Lawyer to join an the expanding Procurement and Gran...
Our client is currently seeking a Senior Lawyer to join an the expanding Procurement and Gran...
Mechanically minded person to join a team of people to undertake a maintenance of tools and equipment in a hire shop with occasional local delivery. ...
Our client is a highly respected not for profit organisation that has an iconic reputation around the nation. They are now looking for their Execut...
Our client is the market leader in their product and they truly are a retail success story. This company is a leader with up to the minute style,...
Our client ? a long established commercial plumbing and drainage solutions provider ? is currently looking for a General Manager to join their operati...
Needed to supervise children via School Of The Air on a sheep and cattle property. Requirements: * Working with children and taking an active rol...
Well-known, sought after opportunity with top-end client. We highly recommend this opportunity. Teach Training center (Children) in Jinshan, Shanghai. Working 1 day off (Monday or Tuesday) and will be...
Boilermakers/1st Class Welders We are currently seeking applications from qualified Boilermakers/1st Class Welders to join BJL Welding & Fabricati...
Due to our continuing growth we are in search of Perl Developers for our headquarters in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. We use Perl (Perl 5,14), nginx, Plack, uWSGI, MySQL, Memcache, JavaScript, Git, Hadoop, ElasticSearch, Redis, Sereal and Linux & more. We do agile software development based on Scrum. We get our changes out really fast; it's rare for your code not to be on our live systems within hours of you pushing it. As a data driven company we have a clear goal – helping our customers. Everything we do is aimed at solving problems   As a Perl Developer, you are responsible for the development and maintenance of our web based systems. In the position you will be required to work both independently and also be part of a team. You are an excellent communicator and have a can-do attitude. Due to the strong growth of our business we are looking for Perl Developers worldwide to join our Amsterdam based IT-team. The position is open to worldwide applicants; you must be willing to relocate to the Netherlands and we will assist you with obtaining a work/residence for you and your dependents (if applicable).
Immunology laboratory at University of North Carolina (UNC) at Chapel Hill School of Medicine seeks an energetic, self-driven, motivated, MD, PhD or DVM scientist for a post-doctoral research associate position. The chosen candidate will work with human subjects as well as with animal models to understand mechanisms of immune tolerance in the context of autoimmunity and cancer immune responses. Our highly translational laboratory is affiliated with the Departments of Microbiology/Immunology and …
**Posted on:** 2014-03-08   Mid Sized Hospital in Northern NJ, just minutes from NYC, is looking for a PACU RN with open heart experience to help out for a 13 week contract this Winter and Spring. The unit requires someone with 2 + years Experience, BLS and ACLS certifications along with an active New Jersey Nursing License. For more details, call Irene at Aureus Today! 800-856-5457 **Position:** RN **Specialty / Modality:** RN-PACU-Recovery Room **Licenses / Certifications:** CPR/BLS (Basic Life Support), State License-RN, ACLS (Advance Cardiac Life Support) **Physical Abilities:** From 50-100lbs To be considered for this opportunity, select 'Apply Online'. There is a reason why Aureus Medical Group is a national leader in healthcare staffing. Whether working with an employee to locate exciting career opportunities or with a hospital to fill a need at a critical time, our job is to take care of you and the patients we collectively serve - and we do so with the highest degree of honesty and integrity. We bring over 25 years of experience, proven methods, and an unwavering commitment to patient care to the staffing process. With travel, locum tenens, local contract, and direct hire opportunities available nationwide, you're sure ...
An industry leader with world-class platforms and processes is looking to add an accomplished, proven and high performing SAP Solution Manager Subj...
School Performance Tours has been booking theatrical performances into schools, Australia wide, via telephone sales, since 1987. We are currently l...
Our client is a national training provider looking to recruit the following person to join the organisation. Sales Director East Midlands To £55K Company Car. Reporting ...
The Young Adult Librarian at the Framingham Public Library is seeking an intern to help with collection development and other projects relating to YA literature. Responsibilities include, but are not necessarily limited to: * Creating a print and online collection of booklists on topics of interest to teens * Creating timely and eye catching book displays * Assisting in collection development: filling in gaps in series, weeding, making suggestions for new books, manga and graphic novels, anime, video games, audiobooks, and more * Maintaining, enhancing, and contributing to the Young Adult book review blog and other social media * Shelf reading
Turning old Toyotas into Ferrari replicas was a brisk business for one Spanish entrepreneur, until Ferrari sued to put a stop to it. WSJ's David Roman reports.
After all the words that have been written about the case, and all the hours of television and radio devoted to it, there was something about seeing the seven simple words used to legally describe it.  _State of Florida vs. Michael David Dunn_  As the jury began its deliberations last week, my editor asked if I’d write something that could run after the verdict was announced. I began working on two different columns, one for a guilty verdict, one for an acquittal, each built around the idea that rarely has the name of a case been so fitting.  read more
Americans renew their relationship with paper, ditching the cheap stuff for reading news and record-keeping to buy expensive stock for photo-based cards and albums from online juggernauts like Shutterfly.com.
Despite a couple of limitations, the Sony Move Racing Wheel performs well, delivering a good sense of steering a car in racing games, and is much easier to set up than a full racing wheel.
The SteelSeries Stratus is the best-feeling and most versatile iOS game controller, but it's a lot to pay for an accessory.
A federal judge denied preliminary approval of a $764 million settlement of NFL concussion claims, fearing it may not be enough to cover 20,000 retired players. WSJ Senior Special Sports Writer Matthew Futterman reports on the News Hub.
Charley Zimmer retired six years ago. Sort of.  After decades of working as a teacher, coach and administrator — the final 10 as head of school at Episcopal School of Jacksonville — Zimmer and his wife, Gail, had moved to Marco Island. He was spending time raising dogs, playing with his grandchildren and running around some nearby softball fields in an intensely competitive senior league. But he also was doing a fair amount of consulting work. And when he showed up at a Florida Council of Independent Schools conference in Miami, a longtime friend playfully mocked his arrival.  read more
Mt. Gox, once the dominant exchange for bitcoin trading, said more than $470 million of the virtual currency vanished from its digital coffers, kicking into high gear a search for the missing money by victims and cybersleuths.
What’s News: U.S. Supreme Court declines to hear Arizona’s challenge to 20-week abortion ban. West Virginia begins to lift water ban. GM sweeps top awards at Detroit Auto Show. Ford unveils aluminum bodied F150 truck. Joanne Po reports. Photo: AP
The bare-bones Wii Mini gets rid of many Wii features to just focus on playing disc games, but the stripped-down experience isn't worth the savings.
_“The scariest moment is always just before you start.” — Stephen King’s “On Writing”_  I’ve been thinking about that quote. Because if the idea of sitting down to write scares an author who seems to exhale written words, it makes sense that right now I am terrified.  I’m about to begin an unpaid leave from the paper.  This isn’t because I’m going to stop writing. It’s because I’m going to start.  read more
Sexual predators often blend in easily at college, their criminal intent seemingly unthinkable.
Three years in, the Nintendo 3DS handheld has become a seriously good game device -- especially for fans of Nintendo's classic gaming franchises -- and the XL is the one you should buy.
As the USS New York pulled into its new homeport, the sailors receiving a warm welcome from Florida dignitaries and citizens, about 50 miles to the west an old battle continued to rage on. And in this one, the troops that came to Florida nearly 150 years ago from New York and other Northern states were being called, among other things, invaders and jihadists.  Yes, the history books will tell you that the Civil War ended in 1865.  read more
Tension runs high in the excellent XCOM: Enemy Unknown.
Harold Ramis, who created some of the most popular movies of the 1980s and 1990s, including "Ghostbusters" and "Caddyshack," died Monday at 69.
Value-Added Model. VAM. It’s an interesting name for a statistic used to analyze teachers. Brings to mind some of the endless categories that now are a part of baseball. When I was a kid, we collected trading cards loaded with things like batting averages and home runs. Now there are stats like VORP (Value Over Replacement Player).  read more
Prosecutors accused three former leaders of the defunct law firm Dewey & LeBoeuf of engaging in a sweeping, years-long fraud to hide the firm's deepening financial struggles from banks and other creditors.
It's Girl Scout cookie season; they've been out in force for a couple of weeks now. One savvy scout is getting a leg up on the competition with a unique sales location -- outside a medical marijuana dispensary in San Francisco's Mission District.
OSLO (Reuters) - A ten-year-old Norwegian boy came up with a novel excuse after he drove his parents' car into a snowy ditch on Wednesday morning: he told police he was a dwarf who forgot his driving license.
ROME (Reuters) - Sicilian amateur scientists have launched a model cannolo, a cream-stuffed pastry roll symbolic of the Italian island, into the stratosphere, capturing bizarre images of the dessert flying far above the earth.
The Duke freshman who ratted out a classmate as a porn star is himself a prolific porn purveyor, a top skin flick distributor claims. Big-mouthed frat boy Thomas Bagley shells...
The poor pooch whose tattoo-artist owner inked him while he was drugged-up after spleen surgery checked out of the Brooklyn Cares Veterinary Hospital in Clinton Hill, site of the controversial tattooing....
ORLANDO (Reuters) - Most people entering crocodile territory keep a wary eye out on water and land, but research suggests they need to look up.
(Reuters) - A funeral director in Mississippi got a bit of a shock this week when a man, brought to him in a body bag, kicked to get out just before he was to be embalmed, a local TV station reported.
A bus driver's faith might have saved his life
(Reuters) - Three third-graders were caught smoking marijuana in the boys' bathroom of their northern California elementary school last week in what the local police chief says marked the youngest pot bust he has ever encountered.
Barclays Center lost some juice when Lincoln High, with McDonald’s All- American Isaiah Whitehead, was eliminated from the city playoffs on Wednesday. But the Brooklyn arena may have the next best...
The world is coming to an end on Saturday -- at least, if you believe in Norse mythology. Should you be worried?
Imagine waking up in a body bag at a funeral home. That's what happened to a man from Mississippi
The Duke University student who moonlights as a porn star to pay her tuition says the venerable North Carolina school backs her controversial side gig. “They have been very supportive...
CONSTANTA, Romania (Reuters) - Armed with an iPad and a letter of support from an Oscar-winning film director, Remus Cernea is pushing a cause that he acknowledges few of his fellow Romanian lawmakers care about: giving dolphins the same rights as humans.
OSLO (Reuters) - A 10-year-old Norwegian boy who took his parents' car for a joyride last week, claiming he was a dwarf who forgot his driver's license, has hit the road again.
ATLANTA (Reuters) - A Georgia man accused of texting an unsolicited picture of his tattooed genitals to a married mother of young children did not commit a crime under a state nudity law, the state's Supreme Court ruled on Monday.
The New Jersey parents being sued for tuition by their entitled teenager were excoriated in a Friday rant on her new Facebook page as “spoiled” baby boomers who would rather...
A man who claims he killed Bigfoot took Eyewitness News on a hunting trip to show us what it takes to catch the legendary giant
Correspondent's view of the Cairo trial of al-Jazeera journalists
You probably didn't notice this week, but it was announced funding for speech and language services for children and adults with learning difficulties has fallen by 8.8 per cent since 2011 while, in some parts of Scotland, the cut has been over 20 per cent.
Shareholders are to be given powers to fix the pay gap between executives and employees under draft EU reforms, including binding votes

A heightened political awareness, and a healthy self-regard that they could do a better job, are drawing a surprisingly large number of doctors to the power of elective office.
Colombia’s former president hopes to win election to Congress on the back of criticism of government peace talks with Marxist guerrillas
WASHINGTON (AP) -- In late December, President Barack Obama's new legislative affairs team sent him more than a dozen recommendations for ways to improve his strained relations with Capitol Hill. The president responded with a few ideas of his own, including a request for more social events with lawmakers at the White House....
SALMON, Idaho (Reuters) - Idaho lawmakers on Thursday approved a measure allowing concealed guns to be carried onto university and college campuses.
From The International Herald Tribune.
This week the Liberal Democrats were beaten in a council by-election in Nottingham by the Bus Pass Elvis Party. It doesn’t seem to have stopped the Party’s self-congratulatory mood as they gather in York for their Spring Conference for a little more conversation.
ROME - Western countries voiced concern on Thursday that tensions in Libya could slip out of control in the absence of a functioning political system, and they urged the government and rival factions to start talking. Two- and-a-half years after the fall of former leader Moammar Gadhafi, the oil-rich North African state is struggling to contain violence [...]
Malaysia Airlines plane, flight MH370, disappeared from radar suddenly on Saturday night. Two passengers listed on the Malaysia Airlines plane reported their passports stolen. Are the stolen passports indicative of a terrorist act?
As tensions spiral around Crimea, Russia Friday, March 7, mobilized its air and costal defenses and more than 1,000 missile and tank units for a month- long drill in Kapustin Yar, 450 km from the Ukraine border and one of Russia's largest missile bases. debkafile: The exercise covers March 16, the date of the Crimea referendum and its potential aftermath - ready to thwart any Ukrainian or Western attempt to disrupt the region's expected application to join the Russian Federation. The US has also stepped up its military activity in region in the last 48 hours.
WASHINGTON (AP) -- Democrats could get walloped in the November elections. The party gets sleepy and distracted in the midterms. And its supporters simply may not show up to vote....
Kim Jong-un's dependency on the international financial system should be exploited.
“It’s the big donkey to the left,” says a security guard in the lobby of one of the most sophisticated — and potently effective — political opposition research organizations in the country. The guard stands between the prying eyes of outsiders and operatives inside the...
Even though he can't set foot in the United States for fear of arrest, fugitive National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden has joined the speakers' roster at this year's South by Southwest Interactive Festival.
The brutal war in Syria could grind on for a decade as Iran and Russia prop up President Bashar Assad’s regime and jihadist groups flood the battlefield, experts warned Thursday.
The group of buildings near Tahrir Square could be modern campus-style office space anywhere. It’s hard to believe that just outside the heavy steel gates lies downtown Cairo, the noisy, polluted and now troubled heart of Egypt. The buildings are now a new IT hub called the GrEEK, after its history as a Greek school […]  The post Tahrir Square Finds a GrEEK Neighbour appeared first on Inter Press Service.
Foreign Ministry source confirms that the trip planned for May scrapped due to ongoing strike
Does Apple make good laptops? See Apple's brand ranking and where Apple placed in Laptop Mag’s Best and Worst Laptop Brands of 2014.
With help from Motrr's Galileo 360-robotic spinning platform for iPhone/iPod, the app tracks your movements so you're always on camera.  Originally posted at
So says sound consultant Julian Treasure in his TED talk.  Originally posted at The Audiophiliac
Microsoft is making a special exception in the way it retires Windows XP in China, and will continue offering security support for the OS to users in the nation.  To do so, the U.S. software giant is partnering with China’s leading Internet security vendors, Microsoft said in a Sunday posting on its official account with Sina Weibo, a top social networking site in the country.  Outside of China, Microsoft is dropping support of Windows XP on April 8, meaning that users of the OS will no longer receive security patches meant to fix vulnerabilities in the software.  To read this article in full or to leave a comment, please click here
Looking to buy a new Blu-ray player, but unsure of what features to get? Here are five players worth considering.
Wireless provider FreedomPop has offered a new-ish phone for people who care just as much about government surveillance and security as they do about apps and messaging. FreedomPop's Privacy Phone has encryption, privacy controls, and even Bitcoin payment.  Read the full story here.
Capture the moment with JVC's new GZ-HM65 Full HD camcorder. This compact camcorder sports a 2.5MP back-illuminated CMOS sensor, a 40x optical zoom lens, a flip-out 3.0-inch LCD screen, an SD/SDHC/SDXC card slot, slow-motion recording (720 x 480 at 300fps), tele macro close-up shooting, HDMI and AV outputs and can capture both 1080p Full HD […]
A new technology being developed at UCLA could cool off your toasty processor. Don't throw away that heatsink just yet, though. This is a completely new approach to integrated circuit design.
The All New HTC One has cleared Uncle Sam's certification process and is now ready to be sold on the U.S.All 4 major operators (Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile) will get several different versions of HTC's 2014 flagship smartphone. In addition, the government-employed engineers were also able to play with the international model, marked as NM80P6B100.The Taiwanese company will o... [These are short news! Click for details]
The E-M10 will satisfy photographers who are looking for a compact alternative to an SLR at a similar price.
Keep yourself entertained while traveling with this touchscreen PMP 'V18N' from Ployer. Powered by a built-in 1450mAh lithium battery, the player has a 5.0-inch 480 x 272 touchscreen display, an 8GB of internal storage, a microSD card slot (up to 32GB), a voice recorder, an e-book reader, an FM radio and supports up to 720p […]
The Samsung Galaxy Note Pro has a desktop-inspired interface thanks to tools like Multi Window and the new Magazine-style layout. The Android tablet with a 12.2-inch HD display also has a laptop-inspired price.  Read the full story here.
Pumped with high-performing hardware and creative software features, the Samsung Galaxy S3 is an excellent, top-end phone that's neck and neck with the HTC One X.
Samsung has yet another music streaming service to deliver the latest hits to smartphones. In addition to its internal music app that ships with every phone and its former Music Hub powered by 7digital, Android's leading manufacturer today unveiled Milk Music, a Slacker-powered streaming music app that is exclusive to Galaxy devices in the United States.  Read the full story here.
Swipe has released their first dual SIM Android 4.1 smartphone 'Sonic' for the Indian market. The handset comes with a 4.0-inch 800 x 480 capacitive touchscreen display, a 1.2GHz dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Play (MSM8625) processor, a 512MB RAM, a 4GB of internal storage, a microSD card slot (up to 32GB), dual SIM card slots […]
The Trendnet Powerline 500 AV2 Adapter is an excellent and fast solution to extend your home network to places where Wi-Fi signal can't reach.
The bold social experiment has entered a new phase, with the Twitch community beating Pokemon Red and starting on Pokemon Crystal.
Researchers at England's University of Liverpool have created Chameleon, a virus that can proliferate via Wi-Fi as efficiently as the common cold infects humans.
The Westone W10 in-canal earphones deliver an excellent balance of lows and highs that should appeal to purists.
The next wave of wrist wear might act as a fashionable archive of your exposure to everything from caffeine to pesticides   -- Read more on ScientificAmerican.com
So much has changed in space since Carl Sagan's Cosmos TV series first aired in 1980. We discovered dark energy (but still have no clue what it is).   -- Read more on ScientificAmerican.com
Bioimaging: The camera on a smartphone can pick up signals from quantum-dot tags used to detect biological molecules
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU scientists have found that the new car coolant at the centre of a dispute that has pitched regulators against Germany and its luxury carmaker Daimler does not pose any serious safety risks, the European Commission said on Friday.
(NBC Connecticut) - Connecticut voters support allowing doctors to legally prescribe lethal drugs to help terminally ill patients end their own lives, a Quinnipiac University poll released today finds. "Public support for allowing assisted dying in Connecticut is a very personal issue, crossing partisan, gender and age lines," Douglas Schwartz, director of the Quinnipiac University […]
(Phys.org) - But what makes a "good" stem cell, one that can reliably be used in drug development, and for disease study? Researchers have made enormous strides in understanding the process of cellular reprogramming, and how and why stem cells commit to becoming various types of adult cells. But until now, there have been no […]
A short trip down the natural history corridor of the Scientific American Archives from a century ago   -- Read more on ScientificAmerican.com
Get up close and personal with bees, flies and more, in these insect portraits.
The NFL not only publicly denied evidence that long-term brain damage could result from concussions suffered by its players, but worked to undercut it   -- Read more on ScientificAmerican.com
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- The Hubble Space Telescope has captured the first pictures of a disintegrating asteroid....
A lifestyle block farmer who bashed two pigs with a heavy steel bar in a "prolonged and violent attack" in front of an upset teenage boy has been jailed today for four months. Clayton Thomas Dovey, 50, was loading four pigs onto...
The powerful telescopic camera aboard NASA’s Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter (LRO) has captured spectacular new images detailing the traverse of China’s Yutu moon rover around the landing site during its first two months exploring the Moon’s pockmarked grey terrain. The newly released high resolution LRO images even show Yutu’s tracks cutting into the lunar surface as […]
It was a battle fought in the mountains of southwestern China, where patchy forests sustain the last shreds of the wild giant panda population. All at once, intruders began marching in and helping themselves to the pandas' food. The incursion happened far from most human eyes, and the pandas that witnessed it  likely didn't know what to think. It's not often that one sees a horse in a bamboo forest. In these woods, the Wolong National Nature Reserve is an important refuge for pandas. Abou
A Q&A with producer David Kaplan about the making of "Particle Fever," a behind-the-scenes documentary at the Large Hadron Collider.
Researchers' stick-to-it-iveness, along with advice from a manicurist lead to radio tags that tracked baby loggerheads across the Atlantic without hindering them   -- Read more on ScientificAmerican.com
The Human Papillomavirus vaccine has reduced the frequency of abnormal Pap smears and pre cancers in women, research has shown.
In “Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey,” premiering on Sunday, the astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson takes the guide-to-the-universe role filled in the original “Cosmos” by Carl Sagan.
A case involving 32 men in Iowa has become shorthand for the segregation and exploitation of people with disabilities.
Following up on the news that its UnCarrier rival will soon raise the cost of its unlimited data plan, AT&T is making some pricing changes of its own -- in the completely opposite direction. The base rate for the company's 2GB Mobile Share Value plan is currently $55 (that's the base price, excluding per- smartphone costs), but it just announced that beginning tomorrow customers will be able to grab the same plan for $40 per month instead.  Filed under: Cellphones, Mobile, AT&T  **Comments**
Ancient laptops and desktops might seem ready for the scrap heap, but there's life in them yet.
Dell aims to serve professional workers and students with its entry-level Precision M2800 mobile workstation.
The folks at DoubleTwist are at it again. Over the past three months they've crafted Android and OS X apps to help penny-pinching users save the music they hear on iTunes Radio, and now they've gone and done the unthinkable: they made a version for Windows PCs, too.  **Comments**  **Source:** DoubleTwist
The Epson PowerLite Home Cinema 2030 offers a decent image and a good mix of features at a low price, but is still bettered by rivals.
Microsoft was clearly being cautious when it said Facebook Messenger would be available for Windows Phone within a few weeks of Mobile World Congress -- it's already here, just over a week later. The app offers much of Facebook's familiar chat experience, including group conversations, photo sharing and (of course) stickers. However, are a few missing features in this first revision. There aren't any voice messaging options, and chat heads aren't around to let you quickly jump between active discussions. If those absences aren't make-or- break for you, though, Messenger is ready and waiting at the Windows Phone Store.  Filed under: Cellphones, Internet, Mobile, Facebook  **Comments**  **Via:** Facebook (Twitter), Windows Phone Blog  **Source:** Windows Phone Store
We know Watson has some Jeopardy skills, but putting IBM's supercomputer in the kitchen? That's a little different. Here at SXSW, the company's set up a "Cognitive Cooking" food truck in partnership with the Institute for Culinary Education (ICE). Using Watson's recipe system, which combines three elements (ingredient, cuisine and type of dish) to create unconventional new fare, chefs here in Austin are churning out delicacies such as ceviche fish and chips and Vietnamese apple kebabs.%Gallery-slideshow183676%  Filed under: Software  **Comments**
ImmuniWeb provides small businesses a baseline vulnerability assessment to identify any security flaws in their Websites and also offers easy-to-follow steps to remediate the issues.
**Editor's Rating:**   **User Rating:**   **Good:** The **Intel SSD 730 Series** has high endurance rating and comes with a five-year warranty. The drive offers a huge boost in performance compared with regular hard drives and can handle RAID configurations.  **Bad:** The new drive doesn't support encryption, and its performance isn't the best among similarly priced SSDs.  **Bottom Line:** At launch, the new Intel SSD 730 Series makes a very good internal drive choice for your computer, but it'll become a better value when its street price drops below the current suggested retail price. [Read more]
Although its battery life remains a weak point and its price has gone up a bit, the Flip 2 is an improvement over the original Flip and one of the best mini portable Bluetooth speakers available.
The design of Toshiba's high-end Kirabook hasn't changed since last year, but it has aged gracefully. The components get an update and the battery life gets a big boost, making this a all-around excellent, but expensive, ultrabook.
**Editor's Rating:**   **User Rating:**   **Good:** The **Lenovo ThinkPad 8** runs full Windows 8.1, has an excellent higher-res 8.3-inch display, 64GB of storage standard, all the basic ports you'd need, and fits into a super-slim package.  **Bad:** More expensive than other 8-inch Windows tablets; doesn’t come with a stylus, or keyboard; other tablets have better battery life.  **Bottom Line:** If you’re craving full Windows 8 on a tablet the size of an iPad Mini, and want a great display, the ThinkPad 8 is one of the best we’ve seen...but not by much. [Read more]
Following a high court ruling in favor of a man charged in 2010 for taking 'creepshots' of women on the trolley, Gov. Deval Patrick on Friday signed a bill banning such activities in the state.
So that's Samsung's new flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S5. The company makes the majority of the components itself, but what happened to those home-grown Exynos processors? Well, Samsung tells us that the GS5 will come in two variants, one with the 2.5GHz quad-core Snapdragon chip (the model that we tested out at MWC), and another with a 2.1GHz _octo_-core Exynos. Samsung did the same with the Galaxy S4 last year, but we didn't pick up any huge differences in performance when we compared the two phones. The LTE-capable GS4s never left Korea, however, so we'd predict a similarly limited roll-out for any Exynos-powered GS5s.  Filed under: Cellphones, Mobile, Samsung  **Comments**  **Source:** Samsung
Samsung's clearly been listening to _Venus in Furs_ a lot recently, which explains why it's gone a bit crazy on the faux-leather all of a sudden. After covering both the Galaxy Note 3, Galaxy Tab Pro and Chromebook 2 in the stuff, the company has now sought to do the same to a member of its Windows notebook family. Having taken the recently refreshed ATIV Book 9 that we found at CES, this new model gains the fetish-friendly backing and, erm, not much else. We spent a few seconds with an engineering sample of this unit, and felt compelled to share your impressions with you. %Gallery-slideshow183662%  Filed under: Laptops, Samsung  **Comments**  **Via:** MobileGeeks  **Source:** Samsung Germany (Translated)
Mobile World Congress, the biggest mobile exhibition on the planet, isn't short on innovation. Take a look the best of what we saw at the show this year.
The Trendnet Powerline 500 AV2 Adapter is an excellent and fast solution to extend your home network to places where Wi-Fi signal can't reach.
Ten years ago, the internet was introduced to a new tech blog called Engadget. The world was a much different place. Smartphones as we know them didn't exist and almost everyone had a flip phone. The cloud? What did that even mean back then? Tablets and e-book readers were just a glimmer of hope in an engineer's eye. You have to wonder how we managed to survive such a dark period in history. Somehow though, we did. And we were every bit as enthusiastic about technology back then as we are today. So, what gadgets were you using way back in 2004? Head over to our forums and share the goods!  Filed under: Misc  **Comments**
A new report shows that 2013 was another banner, record-setting year for solar energy in the U.S., with 4,751 megawatts (MW) of new photovoltaic (PV) capacity installed--a year-over-year increase of 41 percent--with another 410 MW of concentrating solar power (CSP) coming online. A record 2,106 MW of solar power capacity was installed in the fourth quarter alone, amounting to 44 percent of the annual total. That bests the old quarterly record by 60 percent.
With physical and virtual visits “off the charts,” libraries across the country are thinking up innovative ways to keep users happy.
Parental anxiety, even before pregnancy, may affect the offspring’s health.
* Tweet Widget    * Facebook Like    * Email  Muslim residents of the Central African Republic have fled the country in droves in the face of persistent attacks by anti-balaka militias.  (Bangui) - Muslim residents of the Central African Republic have fled the country in droves in the face of persistent attacks by anti-balaka militias, Human Rights Watch said today after visiting numerous towns and villages in the northwestern part of the country.  read more
It's a big day in the Bale household! Christian Bale and his wife Sibi Blazic are expecting their second child, according to reports. Christian and Sibi welcomed the first child, daughter Emmeline, in 2005. Eight years later, Emmeline now has a little brother or sister she can look forward to doting on. The news come after a whirlwind award season for the actor. Most recently, Christian and Sibi attended the Oscars, where his film with costars Amy Adams, Jennifer Lawrence, and Bradley Cooper was nominated for best picture. Christian has been open about his love for Sibi, a former model, and the role she plays in his successful career, saying, "I owe everything to her." Congratulations, Christian, Sibi, and Emmeline!
When Phumzile Khoza* came to the central Johannesburg antenatal clinic on a chilly day in August 2013, she was feeling on edge. Not about the medical procedures – she already had two children – but about talking to the nurse. This was her third pregnancy living with HIV, but the first with a new partner […]  The post Dangerous Combo: Violence in Pregnancy and HIV in South Africa appeared first on Inter Press Service.
The uplifting effects of energy drinks are well advertised, but a new report finds consumption among teenagers may be linked with poor mental health and substance use. The researchers found that high school students prone to depression as well as those who are smoke marijuana or drink alcohol are more likely to consume energy drinks than their peers. The researchers are calling for limits on teen's access to the drinks and reduction in the amount of the caffeine in each can.
After a lonely six months of online dating, Stephen Nguyen discovered the key to getting noticed. His puppy. After creating a profile photo that included his fuzzy, four-footed friend, Nguyen's "awwww" factor shot up, and the Virginia native got noticed. That concept became the core around which Nguyen and his StartUpBus team from Silicon Valley built Plumer, a tool to help people optimize their dating profiles. "When we were bantering around name ideas, we thought: 'What is it that birds do…
[The Star]Each year, International Women's Day is celebrated on March 8, with the first IWD held in 1911. The 2014 theme is 'inspiring change' and seeks to encourage women's advancement in every sector. It calls for the challenge of the status quo for women's equality, and vigilance in inspiring positive change. Today we celebrate women who have made an impact in public life.
The dispute over the Ukrainian republic of Crimea has largely pitted Ukraine against Russia.  But the region’s ethnic Tatars may have the most to lose. VOA’s Elizabeth Arrott has more from Crimean town of Bakhchisarai. It’s a show of pro-Russian force in Bakhchisarai. As Ukraine and Russia face off over Crimea’s future, these soldiers are but the latest to lay claim to this long- contested land. Crimea’s indigenous Tatars, outnumbered by their Slavic neighbors, are keeping a...
THE amount of income Scotland's universities received from tuition fees rose 9 per cent to £780 million last year, new figures show.
THE Abbott government will urge more students to undertake school-based apprenticeships.
_Should government funds be spent trying to educate severely disabled children like the late Ethan Rediske, who was severely brain-damaged, blind and confined to a wheelchair? Andrea Rediske, his mom, explains in this powerful post why the answer is “yes” -- but why insisting on giving him and other severely disabled children standardized tests is ludicrous._  Read full article >>
A new study appearing in the March issue of the Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery (JBJS) showed that women with distal radius (wrist) fractures had decreased strength compared to similar patients without fractures. This could explain why these women were more likely to fall and might sustain future fractures.
There's a crude saying about guys putting male friends - "bros," to be exact - before their lovers. Whether or not this is true in practice, a novel new study finds that the time, energy and emotion invested in same-sex […]
A groundbreaking Supreme Court ruling remains a bulwark of American democracy.
Thunderbird School of Global Management has met its target, launched in 2009, to educate 100,000 female entrepreneurs in Peru through television dramas
As teens, we swooned over the stars of our favorite TV shows. But these days, our high school idols spend less time on set and more time on the playground. From the hotties of Bayside High to the devious ladies of Beverly Hills, see which teen sitcom stars from the '80s and '90s have taken on the new roles of mom and dad.  Source: Getty / JB Lacroix  View Slideshow ›
Moves to ostracise e-cigarettes are mounting despite a lack of evidence that they cause any harm, says **Amanda Marcotte**
A great Jimmy Kimmel spoof of the classic YouTube hit "Charlie bit my finger."
Little Dragon's next album, entitled Nabuma Rubberband, is due in May. This coming week, like they did recently on Letterman (video below), they'll preview some of it down in Austin at SXSW where one of their shows is the...
For those of us who oppose the Keystone XL pipeline—as well as other means of transporting highly polluting tar sands petroleum—the latest _Washington Post_-ABC National Poll cannot but generate sighs.  Two thirds of those surveyed want it built, very much in line with what polls have been saying about rank-and-file opinions on Keystone XL for a long time. What's disturbing and disappointing is how many of those who want the pipeline nevertheless acknowledge that building it contains risks for the environment.  And then there's the fact that 85 percent believe the pipeline will create a significant number of jobs even though President Obama himself has said jobs from Keystone XL would be a "blip relative to the need." However, given the huge range of predictions we've been showered with about how many jobs would be created, and given the desperation many Americans feel nearly five years since the official end of the Great Recession, a big chunk of those who answered yes to the jobs question may simply be expressing their hopes for the project as much as anything. No way to know that for certain.  The poll itself suffers, as do so many issue-oriented ...
Dish poetry editor Alice Quinn writes: Last night, the Poetry Society of America partnered with The New York Public Library for the Performing Arts at Lincoln Center to present e.e.cummings and Edna St. Vincent Millay: Two Mid- 20th Century Stars, featuring the authors of biographies of the poets, Nancy Milford, whose Savage Beauty: The Life of […]
Following up on the news that its UnCarrier rival will soon raise the cost of its unlimited data plan, AT&T is making some pricing changes of its own -- in the completely opposite direction. The base rate for the company's 2GB Mobile Share Value plan...
McGruber writes "Austin ranks number one in the nation when it comes to offering the largest tech salaries that have been adjusted for cost of living expenses, such as housing, groceries, utilities and other necessities. This is according to a study by TriNet, a company I had never heard off, that provides (buzzword alert!) cloud-based human resources services. The seven major tech hubs, ranked by cost of living adjusted average salaries: 1. Austin: $105,000; 2. Atlanta: $103,000; 3. Denver-Boulder: $98,000; 4. Boston: $79,000; 5. Silicon Valley: $78,000; 6. Los Angeles: $70,000; 7. New York: $56,000." It's true that Austin has cheaper real estate than Silicon Valley, or London, but what this kind of analysis can't capture well is the worth for an individual of living in a particular place. Some jobs are easier to do from Texas (or Timbuktu) than others, and opinions vary wildly about the importance of climate, culture, alternative job options, and other factors. New York living is expensive, Yes, but it comes with a free bonus if New York is where you want to be. Some people even like Los Angeles. Is there a place you'd rather be but forgo because ...
I'm very grateful to Ingrid for setting up this discussion of capabilities. I enjoy the general discussions of social and political issues we have here at CT, but this is one of many venues for such discussion (among the best, I think, but I would say that). What's truly unique for me is the opportunity […]
Zoë Keating Puts Her Revenue Figures Into Perspective 10 Reminders For SXSW Before You Enter The Abyss Sell Your Act With Music "Metrics That Really Matter"
It's like that H&M partnership never happened. Beyoncé has a well documented love of Topshop that's showing no signs of letting up. The Drunk in Love singer took a break from the European leg of her Mrs. Carter Tour, and made it a date night with hubby Jay-Z at The Arts Club in London. With […]  The post I want that! Beyoncé makes it a date night with Jay-Z wearing a _Topshop_ stripe satin dress. appeared first on batch!please.
"Who run the world? GIRLS! #BabyGirlMartino," the mom-to-be captioned a photo
Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez got hot and sweaty for a few hours Friday afternoon in Texas ... and they even had someone watch -- but it wasn't the cuckold you're imagining.J.B. and Selena hit up Action Dance Studio in McAllen, TX yesterday after…

An anonymous reader writes "An upcoming VR game for the Oculus Rift aims to let players 'be a Hollywood Hacker.' Listing inspirations from 'Johnny Mnemonic, Hackers, The Lawnmower Man, and the TRON films,' Polygon claims that the game 'does an amazing job at exploring those hacking tropes and often silly visuals to give the player a sense of control and power. This is "real life" hacking as filtered through a Michael Bay fever dream.'"  Read more of this story at Slashdot.
One scientist presents a critical look at the famous idea.
Caitlin Roper's 25th anniversary appreciation of Katherine Dunn's magnificent novel Geek Love manages the improbable trick of doing the book justice. _Geek Love_ is a one-of-a-kind wonder of a novel, unique in voice, subject matter and emotional affect. Nothing I've ever read or done has made me feel the way Geek Love makes me feel every time I re-read it (it's a book I've loved since my teens). The feeling isn't entirely pleasant, but it's an important feeling, and one I need to get in touch with every couple of years.  Roper's piece features a rundown of all the amazing things that Geek Love has inspired in its quarter century, from the Jim Rose Sideshow Circus to mountains of weird and amazing fan-art. It also gives a glimpse of Dunn herself and the events that led her to write her wonderful masterpiece. I bought my wife a copy of Geek Love when we started courting. I couldn't imagine spending my life with someone who hadn't read it.  > Literary agent Richard Pine had heard of Dunn from other writers he represented in the Pacific Northwest. When he finally got the manuscript, he was dazzled: “I ...
City officials are angry that no one on a SEPTA bus took action while a girl tried to wake her mother.
While this is no Monsieur, this DIY Arduino project may be the next best thing. The system uses a kitchen scale, a little amplifier, and an Arduino Uno (you can add in a Bluetooth chip if you want this to be wireless.) You place the shaker on the scale and a connected Android device prompts you to put in various boozes, measuring each pour in real time. When you've poured in enough liquid, it goes… Read More
My top 3 things that nobody ever told you when you decided to go into the art field. These are things to take into consideration before choosing art as your primary major in college.  Contributor: Patricia Pastorino-Wrose  Published: Mar 08, 2014
Some of the usual internet suspects are freaking out over the new trailer for "Annie," saying that Annie is “supposed” to be white -- spouting racist terms, of course.
[VOA]International Women's Day is being celebrated worldwide Saturday.
A massive search and rescue operation is under way in Southeast Asia as ships and planes scour the seas between Malaysia and Vietnam after a Malaysia Airlines flight with 239 people on board lost contact with air traffic controllers. The airline said there are 227 passengers, including two adult Americans and an infant, on board the Boeing 777-200 aircraft.
**AUSTIN**—Julian Assange doesn’t use the blustering rhetoric you might expect from the founder of the activist publishing group WikiLeaks. Assange is responsible for leaking documents that have changed America’s political landscape— State Department cables and Iraq War logs—yet to a South by Southwest audience on Saturday, he spoke quietly and matter-of-factly even when uttering the most inflammatory statements.  “Who really wears the pants in the [Obama] administration?” Assange asked during a Skype call with the SXSW audience. “Is it the intelligence agencies or is it the civilian part of that administration?”  To read this article in full or to leave a comment, please click here
(Reuters) - AT&T Inc said on Saturday it is cutting wireless data charges for individual customers who have no annual service contract, as the No. 2 U.S. mobile operator attempts to better compete with rival T-Mobile US Inc.
Free agent DE Bryant goes from champs to Jaguars
The actor popped the question to Shelby Rabara while they were on vacation in Hawaii
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - About two dozen Iraqi women demonstrated on Saturday in Baghdad against a draft law approved by the Iraqi cabinet that would permit the marriage of nine-year-old girls and automatically give child custody to fathers.
Jon Favreau thinks Scarlett Johansson will be a ''wonderful'' mother.The 'Chef' actor believes his co-star, who is expecting her first child with her...
Malaysia Airlines plane, flight MH370, disappeared from radar suddenly on Saturday night. Two passengers listed on the Malaysia Airlines plane reported their passports stolen. Are the stolen passports indicative of a terrorist act?
CAIRO (AP) -- The signal of a Saudi-based television network was deliberately jammed while airing the show of Egypt's top satirist, the broadcaster's spokesman said Saturday, the latest disruption to hit the popular program....
KEY LARGO, Florida (Reuters) - President Barack Obama made a series of phone calls on Saturday to world leaders about the ongoing crisis in Ukraine, including British Prime Minister David Cameron, French President Francois Hollande, and Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi the White House said.
jones_supa writes "Valve has recently released Portal 2 on Steam for Linux and opened a GitHub entry to gather all the bugs from the community. When one of the Valve developers closed a bug related to Portal 2 recommending that the users disable a security feature, the Linux community reacted. A crash is caused by the game's interaction with SELinux, the Linux kernel subsystem that deals with access control security policies. Portal 2 uses the third-party Miles Sound System MP3 decoder which, in turn, uses execheap, a feature that is normally disabled by SELinux. Like its name suggests, execheap allows a program to map a part of the memory so that it is both writable and executable. This could be a problem if someone chose to use that particular memory section for buffer overflow attacks; that would eventually permit the hacker to gain access to the system by running code. In the end, Valve developer David W. took responsibility of the problem: 'I apologize for the mis-communication: Some underlying infrastructure our games rely on is incompatible with SELinux. We are hoping to correct this. Of course closing this bug isn't appropriate and I am re-opening ...
THE Western Force rose to the heights to ensure captain Matt Hodgson celebrated his 100th Super Rugby match for the club in style.
Denver's Sage Hospitality has proposed a discounted loan-payoff deal for The Nines, a hotel it redeveloped and manages in a historic Portland, Ore., building -- an offer that would mean a $6.7 million debt writedown for the hotel's public-agency lender. The Portland Development Commission, the city’s economic development agency, is considering accepting an $11.5 million offer by a Sage affiliate to repay the $18.2 million balance on four loans it took out from the PDC when it converted the upper…
Francois Steyn has starred as the Sharks beat the Lions 37-23 in an all-South Africa Super Rugby match in Durban.
A Pennsylvania state trooper's pregnant wife and unborn child were killed Friday after a bullet fired from the trooper's gun while he was handling it in their East Norriton Township home, according to the Montgomery County District Attorney's Office.
(Reuters) - The introduction of a youthful center-back pair in Manchester United's 3-0 win at West Bromwich Albion on Saturday was an indication of David Moyes' plans beyond a disappointing first season in charge.
A visitor can feel as though they've left the U.S. altogether - a tourist in their own city.
Maithili speaking Bride seeks Groom. Education: . Occupation: Doctor. My daughter has been the most loved child in my family since childhood She has been intelligent since her very childhood and has consistently performed in her academics She has obtained very good rank in the entrance test for admission in ...
They call her Zonda, and it's fair to say she's a tempestuous señorita. All the way from Salta to Mendoza, this fickle Argentinian wind blew off the Andes Mountains, doing a wild tango with the airplane as I white-knuckled it the entire way.
WILLIAMSBURG -- A delegation from Bermuda was in the Historic Triangle this week to learn how to capitalize on their history -- which has an important tie to our history. Kenneth Bascome, a member of the Bermuda Parliament, explained it...
The Brussels-to-New York flight will commemorate International Women's Day.
The reversal of fortunes is remarkable. Week after week Thailand has been in turmoil, red shirts and yellow shirts on the streets of the capital locked in bitter dispute which no-one seemed able to defuse and few to understand. After half a century of dramatic progress, the nation suddenly finds itself dumped in a tight political cul de sac.
A California state legislator is proposing to ban the captivity of orca killer whales for entertainment at SeaWorld in the wake of CNN's controversial documentary "Blackfish."
Did You Know? The Merrion
According to the National Food Survey 2007, there was a decrease in the number of children with malnutrition in India by one per cent compared to the previous survey.
Katch International, the integrated marketing and communications agency based in London and Dubai, today launches its Start-Up Marketing Programme. The Programme is aimed to support start-ups by creating a unique, affordable and comprehensive marketing platform for their brand. Katch International today has a team of over twenty talented staff providing unique communications solutions to clients […]
On my many trips around the world I've learned the biggest change for the better in any community lies in literacy. Not in cash, food, health or housing. Positive changes happen fastest when children get access to books and computers. Literacy paves the way for other good things.
It's been a while since aerospace dedicated energy to flying past the sound barrier. Now, a few companies are looking into developing supersonic business jets -- one of which is throwing windows out of the equation.
When is a cottage not a cottage? When it's a majestic mansion in the patrician town of Lenox in the Berkshire Mountains of Massachusetts.
Institute for Photography Excellence (IPE) posted a reply:      The Horticulture 2014 Garden Photo Contest is open to photographers of all skill levels anywhere in the world. All works must be original. Employees of F+W Media, Inc., and their immediate families, are not eligible. All entries must be digital files and must be submitted online.   You may enter up to 20 images total.   Eligibility: Worldwide   Free to enter   Prizes:   One Grand Prize of $1,000US will be given  First, Second and Third Place Winners will be named in each category.  ALL winning photos for each category plus the Grand Prize photo will be printed in Horticulture magazine (to be determined later for a 2015 issue). Total print circulation approximately 80,000.    Categories to enter  Nature’s Bounty; Gardens of the South; City Gardens; Small-Space Gardens; The Garden Landscape; Wildlife in the Garden; Beauty in the Details.   All winners will be notified by November 1, 2014. The results will not otherwise be made public until they are published in Horticulture. Non-winning entrants will not be individually notified of the results.   Copyright I attest that, to the best of my knowledge, this entry (“the Work”) is the original work of the parties listed in the entry submission ...
Thai Lion Air to Launch New Routes; Develop Hat Yai as Hub.
Görlitz, the easternmost town in Germany, is fast becoming a star of the screen. This month it features in two films released in Britain. Its unadorned streets and cobbled marketplace are the backdrop for the book-burning sequence in _The Book Thief_. (Residents were not happy about the profusion of Nazi insignia in their tourist season and it was dutifully removed each day.)
Mr. Obama continued to keep abreast of Ukraine developments and would likely abandon his “recreational amenities,” should events in Ukraine become more volatile, a spokesman said.
Madhu Gopalan posted a photo:  To the granary and Ramdas prison, two structures in the ruins of the Golconda Fort.
Americans think destination weddings are less stressful to plan and more fun than traditional ceremonies and that beaches are the ideal spots for boosting the romance factor.
Do you know more? Send your story, photos or video here . Two Customs staff members have been taken to hospital after reportedly inhaling fumes at Auckland Airport's international t
Fat, fatigue, headaches, and memory problems are just some of the modern maladies often attributed to a build-up of toxic substances in the body. Melinda Beck joins Lunch Break with a look at whether we're really full of toxins, and where the real dangers lie. Photo: Getty.
Mar. 04 - Chanel designer Karl Lagerfeld presents a modern take on luxury using a makeshift supermarket as a backdrop for his Fall 2014 runway show. Rough cut (no reporter narration).
Darren Collison scores 24, Blake Griffin scores 20, and DeAndre Jordan scores 17 as the Clippers rout the Lakers 142-94.
March 4 - Following delicate rescue operation, fans cheer after one of the Corvettes swallowed by a sinkhole at the National Corvette Museum last month turns back on. Gavino Garay reports.
PHILADELPHIA -- Center Claude Giroux and right winger Jakub Voracek each scored two goals to lead the Philadelphia Flyers to a 6-4 victory over the Washington Capitals on Wednesday night.
Personal Tech Columnist Geoffrey Fowler took to the skies over Austin, Texas, to try what many people dread: the in-flight phone call.
For fliers who don't want to spend on a first or business class ticket but ache for that extra leg room, there's a new hybrid seat: premium economy. Middle Seat columnist Scott McCartney explains on Lunch Break. Photo: VideoBlocks.
Mar. 8 - Friends and relatives of passengers aboard missing Malaysia Airlines plane gather in Beijing to wait for news. Paul Chapman reports.
Relatives of passengers on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 wait for news at a hotel in Beijing. The WSJ's Josh Chin tells us how they are coping.
Past U.S. presidents have used executive authority to allow the export of U.S. crude oil, and President Barack Obama should do the same, says Sen. Lisa Murkowski at IHS CERAweek.
The Vatican could soon consider significant changes to the role of women in the church and the Catholic Church’s approach to divorcees, Pope Francis says. America Magazine Editor-at-Large Father James Martin discusses on the News Hub. Photo: EPA.
"Monday Morning"
Watch Video  A California lawmaker wants to ban the use of killer whales in any shows in the state. And, as you can imagine, that has triggered a lot of controversy.   State Assemblyman Richard Bloom says he was inspired by the documentary "Blackfish," which portrays the treatment of killer whales in water parks like SeaWorld as harsh and inhumane. (Via Manny O Productions / Blackfish)   Bloom:** **"There's simply no justification for the continued captive display of orca's for entertainment purposes."****  Anchor:** **"His bill would stop captive breeding and end all killer whale performances in California."** **(Via KNBC)   The bill also would stop the import and export of orcas and require all captive orcas in California be retired to sea pens, if possible.   Currently, SeaWorld in San Diego would be the only place in California impacted by the legislation. SeaWorld has been quick to comment on the bill saying it is...   ****"Severely flawed on multiple levels. We trust that our leaders who are responsible for voting on this proposal will recognize the clear bias of those behind the bill."** **(Via KABC)   The announcement of the bill also drew strong criticism from San Diego's Mayor Kevin Faulconer who said it could ...
Mar. 5 - Researchers in California have turned skin cells in mice into insulin producing beta cells, effectively curing the animals of diabetes. They hope to achieve similar results in human cells, paving the way to an eventual cure for a disease that affects millions of people around the world. Ben Gruber has more.
"Washington is corrupt," said Texas Sen. Ted Cruz at the 41st Annual Conservative Political Action Conference. He added that more people are making great wealth in Washington, D.C. and as Wall Street prospers, main street suffers. Photo: AP.
Players and coaches talk after St. Cloud Cathedral's overtime victory.
The controversial Keystone XL pipeline will be approved by the White House, TransCanada CEO Russ Girling tells Reuters correspondent Ernest Scheyder at CERAweek in Houston.
A yearlong study of finance workers finds that treadmill desks led to higher productivity and better staff morale. Lauren Weber reports on the News Hub. Photo: AP.
WSJ's Simon Constable leads the analysis of the employment report and its impact on the overall economy. ITG Chief Economist Steve Blitz joins the News Hub with a view from the Wall Street.
European Commission meets with devs to improve consumer protections, wants them to stop calling games free if they have in-app purchases
The 2014 Texas Pinball Festival will be held the weekend of March 28th-30th with a HUGE 40,000 square foot game room! This year's show will be held at the Embassy Suites Dallas – Frisco Hotel and Conference Center in Frisco. The show's organizers plan to fill this space with more than 400 pinball machines, classic video games and other game room goodies set up on free play for everyone to enjoy the entire weekend. Leave your quarters at home! Vendors, collectors and hobbyists from the surrounding area and beyond will be bringing parts, supplies, game room memorabilia, pinballs, slot machines, jukeboxes and video games for sale. Lucky winners will take home door prizes and someone will take home a new pinball machine from the show's annual raffle. You can also participate in the pinball tournaments held throughout the weekend, as well as the outdoor flea market and swap meet Saturday morning. The Texas Pinball Festival opens its doors Friday evening at 5pm and will stay open until 1am on Friday and midnight on Saturday. Please visit the Texas Pinball Festival site to learn all about this year's show!
We asked your tough questions about Dark Souls 2 to the team at Namco Bandai. Here's what they had to say.
This music video by The GAG Quartet features some classic NES-era theme music.
"Air Superiority Rules"
See how Dark Souls 2 character creation works, as we recreate FromSoftware devs' personal characters.
Feast your eyes on the first part of the Dark Souls II prologue.
Experience Intense Mobile Suit Warfare Across the Gundam Series. SAN JOSE Calif., (February 25, 2014) – Leading video game publisher and developer NAMCO BANDAI Games America Inc. today announced that it will be releasing DYNASTY WARRIORS: GUNDAM Reborn, developed by TECMO KOEI GAMES CO., LTD., digitally through the PlayStation Store for the PlayStation 3 computer entertainment [...]
According to sources, Facebook is currently in talks to purchase Titan Aerospace and its solar-powered satellite drones.
Built using the Unity Engin
Nintendo has been in the news a lot lately, largely thanks to the lackluster sales of the companys Wii U console. Many have urged Nintendo to either abandon their hardware business outright and make their IP cross-platform, or to get into mobile gaming as soon as possible. Mario on mobile would be a sure hit, the argument goes. Meanwhile, Microsoft is facing a very real uphill battle, with sales of its Xbox One barely outpacing the Wii U and falling behind the PS3.
President and CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment of America, Jack Tretton steps down from Sony. Plus, Watch Dogs date is revealed & Killzone: Shadow Fall devs defend 1080p issue.
jones_supa writes "Yesterday Portal 2, a Source-based game that has been missing a Linux version, got a public beta release. The Steam game product page doesn't yet say the game supports Linux. To access the beta for Linux, right-click the game in Steam, select Properties and go to the Betas tab. Valve hasn't published the Linux system requirements for Portal 2 yet, but WebUpd8 tested it using Intel HD 3000 graphics under Ubuntu and it worked pretty well."  Read more of this story at Slashdot.
**Wildly offensive tie-in RPG is super, thanks for asking.**  It's tempting to dive into a review of South Park: The Stick of Truth by telling you about the game's most outrageous scenes. Truthfully, it's better if you discover them yourself. And, when the backlash against the 'did that really just happen?' moments inevitably occurs, it will totally miss the point. The Stick of Truth is more than just wang-waving controversy - quite simply, it's the most accurate video game adaptation of anything, ever. Yes, even Batman.   Click here to read the full article
We break down of the 2 characters based on their strengths and weakness and a fictional battle scenario of how it might go down if they did fight.
Would Troy Baker, the actor who played the role of Joel in The Last of Us (ps3/news/the-last-of-us-ellie-was-created-with-the-hopes-of-changing-the- industryfail.html), be willing to return for a sequel to the PS3 exclusive? You bet he would. Read Full Article
Although women make up nearly half of all gamers, only a fraction of video game characters are female, and fewer still are playable. Maybe that's why I felt so shocked when I played _Left Behind_, the newest chapter of the ...
Xbox One & PS4 & PC go head-to-head with Xbox 360 & PS3 in an epic graphics showdown.
Twisted Metal Black: Invincibility
March's set of free games for Xbox Live Gold Members in will be Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution and Dungeon Defenders.   Starting […]
Alberta Teachers' Association president Mark Ramsankar says the ATA is fully on board with most aspects of the Alberta curriculum rewrite, but adds: "I think the curriculum redesign might be a little bit rushed with the way they are approaching it with some of the timelines that they'd like to put together."
For a compulsive social media junkie, Justin Trudeau has fallen uncharacteristically silent since his third child was born 10 days ago.
Armed with an iPad, GPS monitor and snow shovel, seismologist David Eaton and his team of post-doctoral researchers searched the schoolyard for the crack that loudly rumbled throughout north Calgary.
[The Star]The Industrial Court has quashed last year's decision by the Judicial Service Commission to sack former Judiciary Chief Registrar Ms Gladys Shollei.
**UPDATE**: TWO weather warnings remain for tropical lows approaching the Queensland coast that could turn into cyclones over the weekend, one as early as today.
[AIM]Maputo -Mozambique's ruling Frelimo Party on Friday announced the creation of an Office to Prepare for the General Elections scheduled for 15 October.
Gozo was yesterday awarded the prestigious Vistas award for sustainable and responsible tourism. The international programme VISTAS (Vision, Innovative, Sustainable Tourism Award Series) award ceremony was held at the international tourism expo at the ITB Berlin 2014. The aim of this programme is to encourage tourism destinations to identify, exchange and apply good practices in […]
[The Herald]The rot in parastatals and local authorities has been going on unabated for quite long, and it is overdue that Cabinet ministers seriously introspect in the way Government business is executed.A lot of nasty and corrupt activities have been exposed in the media relating to the operations of Government institutions.
How much sleep did you get last night? How much better would one extra hour feel? It may even save your life.
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - About two dozen Iraqi women demonstrated on Saturday in Baghdad against a draft law approved by the Iraqi cabinet that would permit the marriage of nine-year-old girls and automatically give child custody to fathers.
[Vanguard]Abuja -FACTIONAL Chairman of Nigeria Govenors' Forum, NGF and governor of Plateau State, Jonah Jang yesterday exonerated President Goodluck Jonathan from the lingering political crisis rocking the governors' forum which created a sharp division among the Governors, alleging that the deceit and dishonesty of Governor Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso were directly linked to the present division amongst the Governors.
[MISA-Swaziland]The Media Institute of Southern Africa (MISA) today announced the first annual MISA's Women to Watch, to mark International Women's Day, which is celebrated around the world on 8 March each year.
[Zambia Reports]Listening to Wynter Mwanachambwa Kabimba giving his Ministerial Statement in parliament on the constitution the other day, the temptation to laugh was very high, except it wasn't funny at all.
Xiaomo Bai and Muktesh Mukherjee have been identified as the two Canadians on board the Malaysia Airlines flight that disappeared on Friday. According Bai's Facebook page, she and Mukherjee are married, they have two small children, and it appears they had […]
[AgangSA]Agang SA today announced its national leadership team at the launch of the party's manifesto at the Saulsville Arena in Atteridgeville, outside Pretoria.
[This Day]With the inclusion of Libya in the membership of the Regional Parliamentary Committee of the Lake Chad Basin (RPC-LCB) and its reflection in the budget of the Lake Chad Basin Commission (LCBC), Nigeria's contribution to the $1 million annual budget of the commission has now come down to $400,000 from its former assigned contribution of about half of the total budget.
[Heritage]Sime Darby Plantation Liberia (SDPL) Incorporated has dispelled media reports of an outbreak of diarrhea in the factory Camp area, Lofa Estate, Bomi County.
SIX Australians are feared dead after a plane carrying 239 people disappeared over Vietnam.
[VOA]South Sudanese officials said Friday they have intercepted 11 United Nations trucks carrying weapons, in violation of a U.N. rule that arms should be transported by air only in the country for security reasons.
[Shabelle]Confrontation between the district military of Juba administration and the fighters of Al-Shabaab broke out in the Afmadow district of the Lower Jubba region.
